We just saw how building an ESC You are statement like this by directly inserting data from a farm can
lead to an ask you an injection attack.
The problem comes from being able to insert quote characters into the ESC you L we saw earlier how if
we want to genuinely insert a value into the database that contains a quote then we need to escape it
by prefixing it with a backslash.
So one option we have is to explicitly escape any quote values in data coming from the farm.
My u l y provides us with the real escaped string function for this along with the escape string function
which is just an alias for the first one but this one is shata to type.
To escape these values coming from the farm.
We wrapped them in my esky rely escaped string function passing in the database connection variable
to the database connection variable is needed because the function takes into account the character
encoding of the database.
Now if we try and insert a value that contains a quote.
The value is inserted successfully and you can see here in the Eskew L. that the single quotes in the
string I provided has been escaped with a backslash before it.
This is a perfectly valid method for finding ESC you l injection and is fine for schadt ESC u l statements.
However if you have lots of values that you inserting into an esky you are statement calling this function
so many times and concatenating so many strings together in one statement could get quite messy and
difficult to maintain.
There is an alternative which will look at next.